Fix broken Gitter link (#4)
eclipse-velocitas/.github: profile/README.md

<img src="https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/velocitas-docs/blob/main/content/en/docs/about/use_cases/use_case.drawio.svg" alt="drawing" style="width:90%;"/>
</p>
<a href="https://websites.eclipseprojects.io/velocitas">Eclipse <b>Velocitas</b></a> provides a development toolchain to create containerized in-vehicle applications (<i>Vehicle Apps</i>) that offers a comfortable, fast and efficient development experience to increase the velocity of a development team. </br></br>

> Do you want to discuss with us some features or need support? Contact us via our Gitter channels: <a href="https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#eclipse-velocitas_community:gitter.im">community</a> & <a href="https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#eclipse-velocitas_support:gitter.im">support</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to discuss with us some features or need support? Contact us via Gitter: <a href="https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#eclipse-velocitas_community:gitter.im">community channel</a> </br> <a href="https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#eclipse-velocitas_support:gitter.im">support channel</a>
```
